RND-18678 - Improve Ping Logging & Update Documentation (#17)
verbit-ai/verbit-streaming-python-sdk: examples/responses/schema.md

- `"response"` - The root element in the response JSON
  - `"id"` - A unique identifier of the response (UUID)
  - `"type"` - The response type. Can be either "transcript" or "captions" (See explanation in [README.md](https://github.com/verbit-ai/verbit-streaming-python-sdk/blob/main/README.md#responses)).
  - `"start"` - The start time of the utterance. Measured in seconds from the beginning of the media stream.
  - `"end"` - The (current) end time of the utterance. Measured in seconds from the beginning of the media stream.
  - `"start_pts"` - The pts value corresponding to the `"start"` of the response, as received from the input media stream. Measured in seconds.

>     - Note: if the input media stream doesn't provide pts values, this field will always contain `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Note: if the input media stream doesn't provide pts values, this field will default to `0`.
```
